the standard bottle of Hennessy that
people see is the brown bottle yeah they
can see right through it it's brown
clear clear glass what is this that you
have in your hand today I personally
have never seen this it's my baby
it's a collab with fur Saachi it's my
baby everybody knows how passionate I am
about Hennessy and Versace so it's a
match made in heaven for me but what
works for me might not work for
everybody
anything goes you were drinking this
like water are you really drinking this
Hennessy is water Loki is this is this
really Hennessy in your Hennessy bottle
let's see we actually have shot glasses
right there where right there to the
side you have shot glasses yeah y'all
see the preparation that is man they
actually can it's off camera but go
ahead it's a clear shot glass and you
can actually you can actually open that
guys he got some rockin and he bout to
have me do one of these gayest taste
tests you know what no I'm not you know
I can't do it you got sriracha you know
we have no taste test for you you
already are on sippin on something we
don't we don't have any taste test for
you but let's see if this is really
Hennessy in your bottle you've been
sipping this like water this whole time
even before the camera came on well I
mean it is a solid OPEC
oh that is really Hennessy
okay how long have you been just today
the last 24 hours
how much Hennessy have you have you
literally drinking
and the way you're holding that bottle
it looks like you you're are you done
with that bottle is it almost gone the
way you're holding it it's like it looks
really light it's getting there yeah
you're holding twenty ended pretty how
much whatever you drink today see is not
an easy question to answer in to see how
education indicee is actually the
clearest form of water it's the purest
form of water see what they don't tell
they don't educate our people a lot on
is that Hennessy is actually the natural
spring water from the earth earth is
what brown Hennessy is brown is
originally from the earth but the shit
you see on Fiji and all the commercials
and all that shit it's not Hennessy it's
water it's filtered Hennessy they filter
all the good shit out and they make
stronger Hennessy with it but meanwhile
your fucking drinking water down
Hennessy but a lot of people don't know
that you know stay woke well somebody
would say that Hennessy is liquor
alcohol Italy isn't alcohol that's
alcohol Hennessy is an alcohol indices
Hennessy I think you know the real any
drinkers can stand by that statement
there's no alcohol percentage on what's
on that bottle
sixty percent alcohol if we don't pay
attention to label did we just drink
Hennessy
now I've heard some people when I asked
them and I've done interviews about
liquor with people I'll say what do you
prefer I'll say clear or dark and some
people might say oh I can't touch dark
it makes me want to fight it makes me
want to do this it makes me want to do
that so I stay away from it
other people might say I stay away from
clear because it does this or do that
but when I hear people say they stay
away from a brown liquor it's always
something with fighting it always has to
do with something like that how do you
respond to something like that
is it people are stupid you know they
they can't control themselves and they
blame stupid shit on products and
natural ground water that is Hennessy
it's a shame that such a great brand is
associated with bullshit like that but I
think you're stupid I think people are
stupid some people watching this may
feel like what you're saying is stupid
how would you respond to that we like
is it something like marijuana for
example let me finish the analogy
marijuana can feel different for
different people
for some people marijuana can be a pain
reliever for some people marijuana can
make somebody feel stupid or goofy for
some people marijuana can make them
focused and Zone in for other people it
might be a stress reliever
is that what Hennessey is is it
different for different people or
different personalities or empathy the
entity to me I can't speak for her but
do you understand what I'm saying with
that in it I don't understand what
you're saying I think that people handle
different things every way but I can't
explain why I just know what it does for
me it gives me where I want to go I
don't need over what's the difference
between this particular bottle and the
regular standard Brown clear see-through
Hennessy Hennessy is Hennessy it's just
it's like the difference between Dasani
and Fiji you'd think it's water but it's
actually filter Hennessy this is water
but this is just pure water you what I'm
saying kind of some people might be
feeling exactly like my statement just a
second ago kind of we kind of understand
what you're saying but we kind of do
this bougie shit man it's a gold bottle
I like gold shit what doesn't like
bullshit I mean I like gold everybody
likes alright are you materialistic no I
just like shiny shit I don't even have
to possess the shiny shit I just like
shiny shit you know is everything that
glitters gold fuck no
now take me to your daily uses of
Hennessy what's a typical day like for
you honestly with the Hennessy we see a
lot of viral videos of what you've done
with Hennessy on select days or select
times you've let it can we put out a
fraction of my life people that follow
me know I'm not very active on social
media but you got to live your life for
you you got a really live life and not
get distracted by the other products and
shit that they have out there to take
away from your daily life indices a
great mouthwash you know when you're in
the club your breath is gonna smell like
Hennessy anyway but it's a good
antibacterial formula because of the
contents of the product it kills germs
Hennessy is a great thing they use for
seasoning I've demonstrated to millions
Hennessy is great for common cold knocks
out a col knocks out a cough Robert
sadly I have the gold bottle there's
different clinical uses for NSE I use
Hennessy in my hair
Hennessy shampoo bitches love my air
they always all that shit I use energy I
don't even you don't need anything else
use Hennessy you're good it keeps a good
balance you know other than that I mean
I clean my jewelry with Hennessy y'all
seen the Hennessy jacuzzi it really has
a lot of different like daily uses and
shit like that
cut yourself maybe put some Hennessy on
it it's a good yeah I don't think a
little scrape like you bump yourself on
the table or yeah see um yeah I've done
shit like that a poor house the owner
won't you know kills the germs okay so
it keeps your spirit clean you know it
goes in cleans you out if you kill the
germs on the outside it must clean the
germs on the inside too huh you make
Hennessy sound like a very positive
thing to have if you make you have a
good connotation with it but there can
also be a bad connotation when it comes
to not just Hennessy but liquor or
alcohol or that sort of thing there are
no negative things you must be talking
about like bearish it Hennessy is great
what negative things name three well
I've heard you know people will tell me
I asked him do you drink brown liquor
and they'll say no I don't I don't the
Hennessy makes me know I don't even say
honey see but brown liquor makes me want
to fight Brown makes me what I wanted to
fry anyway they wanted to poopoo some
ass anyway blame it on the Hennessy to
bring it out of them blame it on a Trump
before you blame it on Tennessee like
you don't blame shit like that on
Hennessy no the Hennessy they make you
want to fight you wanted to fight anyway
what about if somebody's drinking a
little too much and they choose to drive
and the consequences that can stem from
something like that if those words why
would you drive when you have Hennessy
Hennessey takes you where you want to go
at that point not you you should be wise
enough to call that lift now the things
you're saying if you don't kill people
stupid people they don't have lift kill
people okay it sounds good what you're
saying now if we apply it to today's
times
you mentioned Trump you mentioned lift
but five years ago ten years ago Trump
was not in office the lift was not a
service that was around then what you
got cabs are we gonna blame Obama are we
gonna blame the bush you know Obama's
brown if it ain't brown oh my get around
but you had caps even though they
weren't brown they were yellow close
enough you know you had different
options you know I think that Hennessy
can't be to blame for something that
other substances are more known for
indices got a clean record are you
sponsored by Hennessy are you a walking
testimony for them I am a walking
testimony for Hennessy I uh I'm not
sponsored by them I'm just a fan I feel
like the problem with people is that and
if you don't take anything from this
interview take this is that people don't
aren't passionate enough about things to
where they believe in them without them
lining their pockets that shit like if
you think about it you might drink
5-hour energy or say you drink the
filtered Hennessy you say you drink this
shit say you drink like Dasani water
right Dasani water NEC you might drink
this every day do you get paid to drink
this oh you don't get paid well then why
are you a living testimony for it I feel
like you shouldn't have to get paid from
a company to be a fan of something
like that's Fugazi you know so I embrace
like being a fan of something without I
mean you know I didn't start you know
broadcasting the lifestyle I've always
lived just to get paid for it
you know I never got anything from any
company I've turned down money other
companies that aren't Hennessy I've
tried to like pay me money they do
different shit and I've told him no
because any gang heard I said fuck her
they talked about you didn't want to
maybe you didn't want to be like the
Sprint guy that's with Verizon at least
with him he got he got a check and then
he switched for another check so you
should have known that he was gonna
follow the money I came into this with
no financial motivation and I'm gonna
leave with that I'm gonna keep it at the
level that I started at no matter how
many people follow no matter how many
people think is cool or I think it's
iconic or think it was trending right
now I'm gonna be 80 years old still
talking about the same shit I'm pretty
sure he not gonna be paying an 80 year
old man I don't have stocks in the
company you know so somebody might look
at this and say you might not be getting
paid by cash but you're getting paid by
a social media presence popularity of
following social media don't pay all
these social media people broke is fuck
people get bookings through social media
but their contact information they get
endorsements they get this they get that
they get perks they get free they give
free sections at the club trust me
people there's some get paid to be into
sections at the club though they
couldn't even buy one of these trust me
these are my friends like one of the
most common things people try to do is
to get me to come to parties just
because they have Hennessy and I'm like
I
Hennessey in my own fridge bitch I don't
need your head to see but if you would
like to donate Hennessy to my cause and
donate him the seat of my fridge and
maybe help give me some annecy to give
out at and any Drive once in a while
then I'll consider coming to your
fucking party but if not then I got more
energy than I could ever drink or do i
is this real life versus an act anything
is really possible anything is really
possible
you